Title: Chocolate Caramel Frozen Parfaits
Description: 
Source: Epicurious
Original URL: http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/109138
Yield: Makes 8 servings
Active: 1 hr
Total: 13 1/2 hr (includes freezing)
Image: https://cdn2.pepperplate.com/recipes/3005462.jpg
Ingredients:
	1/2 cup whole milk
	1 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream
	3 tablespoons water
	3/4 cup sugar
	8 large egg yolks
	7 oz fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), melted and cooled
	1/2 teaspoon vanilla

	Special equipment: an instant-read thermometer; a standing electric mixer; 8 (8- to 9-oz) paper cups
	Accompaniments: hot fudge sauce ; unsweetened whipped cream; fresh raspberries

Instructions:
	Bring milk and 1/2 cup cream just to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, then remove from heat and keep warm, covered.
	Bring water and 1/2 cup sugar to a boil in another small heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved and washing down any sugar crystals on side of pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. Boil syrup, without stirring, gently swirling pan, until mixture is a deep golden caramel. Remove from heat and carefully add warm cream mixture (mixture will steam vigorously and caramel will harden). Cook over low heat, whisking, until caramel is dissolved.
	Whisk together yolks, remaining 1/4 cup sugar, and a pinch of salt in a metal bowl, then add hot caramel mixture in a slow stream, whisking. Transfer custard to saucepan. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring, until thickened and registers 170°F on thermometer (do not let boil).
	Pour custard through a fine-mesh sieve into bowl of standing mixer, then beat at high speed 10 minutes (mixture will be completely cool, thick, and pale). Beat in melted chocolate and vanilla.
	Whisk remaining cup cream in another bowl until it just holds stiff peaks, then whisk about one fourth of cream into chocolate mixture to lighten. Fold in remaining cream gently but thoroughly and divide mixture among paper cups, smoothing tops. Cover each cup with foil and freeze parfaits at least 12 hours.
	To serve, carefully tear off each paper cup and invert parfaits onto plates.

